hey guys what's up its kranti nine and I
want to give you guys a question so you
guys always support me and like my
videos and favorite them and even
subscribe but I want to ask you guys a
question what would you like to see on
kranti 9 obviously you've been seeing
some new work different stuff with me
doing some kind of comedy ish videos but
that was only few and far between but I
would like to hear your opinions on what
you want to see on the channel whether
it's something different about
maplestory maybe a new class playthrough
but just make sure I don't have it on my
channel already like dual blade i
already have up some of the corsair i
have up you know that kind of stuff I
already have up just make sure that it's
not on my channel perhaps you want to
see some other MMOs I'm not too sure
about that but if you're curious about
gaming like you know xbox 360 games ps3
games wii wii u etc you know I have that
up on my gaming channel arc v9 which
should be checking the description I
know I've been plugging that in a lot
but a lot of you still don't know about
that channel so i just want to keep
pushing that to you guys know but just
calm down by the way you want to see on
my channel whether it's a new job some
kind of new series that i should do on
maplestory obviously I want to do more
top five top 10 type stuff on both
crimes 9 and are denied oh it's it
myself um but just comment then if I
like your comments I'll let you know
that I'm using your idea and you know if
I can't really find anything out of the
comments I'll just figure out something
that I've had planned for a long time
I've been meaning to do animations about
maple story but that is so so tedious
and long that it takes me a good because
i doing hand-drawn stuff right I don't
like using sprites so it takes me ages
I need a 10 second animation about a
phantom with a mustache holy crap the to
near to two weeks for a 10 second
animation which I will never publish
because it was just bad but like I said
just coming down below I'll read it and
i'll let you know and you can comment on
both cried 29 and arc tonight if you
want but you know that's okay now that's
a different channel and you know it's
different priorities but thanks for
watching guys I'd love to hear your
opinions and see you guys later also if
you could tell me what I could improve
on that be awesome bye